provide a relate work sentence (#107)
DE-RSE/2023_paper-RSE-groups: paper.tex

This position paper focuses on groups of research software engineers that provide their services for an entire research organisation or at least a substantial part of it.

We advocate the establishment and support of dedicated, central RSE groups in German research organisations, with clearly defined tasks, contact points, and, in particular, sustained funding, for the benefit of all researchers in their organisation.

> Similar initiaives have been formed in other national contexts (see \autoref{barkerkatz2024,martin2023} and references therein).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar initiatives have been formed in other national contexts (see \autocite{barkerkatz2024,martin2023} and references therein).
```

Author: thanks!
